📝 Documentation (#201)
cda-tum/qmap: docs/source/library/Synthesis.rst

Quantum Circuit Synthesis
===========================

> The main functionality for synthesizing quantum circuits is the :func:`~mqt.qmap.synthesize_clifford` and the :func:`~mqt.qmap.optimize_clifford` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main functionality for synthesizing quantum circuits is provided by the :func:`~mqt.qmap.synthesize_clifford` and the :func:`~mqt.qmap.optimize_clifford` methods.
```

    .. currentmodule:: mqt.qmap
    .. automethod:: mqt.qmap::synthesize_clifford

>     .. automethod:: mqt.qmap::optimize_clifford

Reviewer: For some reason, the method signatures seem to be a little messed up (some parameters are missing).
Furthermore, it would be great to link to the `SynthesisConfiguration` in the docstrings (`bindings.cpp`)

Reviewer: <img width="697" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6358767/207912112-7d388cc2-efe0-4633-9491-07e8bc258d76.png">
Still broken

Author: I'm still trying to find out why that doesn't work, sometimes it does it correctly locally, but I have yet to find out why..

Synthesis Setting Enumerations
##############################

The following classes provide a more explicit way of initializing the respective parameters of the :code:`synthesize_clifford` and the :code:`optimize_clifford` method. Instead of setting parameters via :code:`str` members, they can be set with :code:`Enumeration.member` where :code:`Enumeration` is the enumeration class.

    .. currentmodule:: mqt.qmap

>     .. autoclass:: TargetMetric

Reviewer: It would be great to also include the documentation of the `SynthesisConfiguration` class here. It should contain enough documentation to be more or less self explanatory.

    .. currentmodule:: mqt.qmap
    .. autoclass:: TargetMetric

    .. currentmodule:: mqt.qmap
    .. autoclass:: SynthesisConfiguration

The :code:`SynthesisConfiguration` class is used to provide several parameters to the :code:`synthesize_clifford` and the :code:`optimize_clifford` method. The following table lists the parameters and their default values.

    .. autoattribute:: SynthesisConfiguration.initial_timestep_limit
    .. autoattribute:: SynthesisConfiguration.use_maxsat
    .. autoattribute:: SynthesisConfiguration.target_metric
    .. autoattribute:: SynthesisConfiguration.use_symmetry_breaking
    .. autoattribute:: SynthesisConfiguration.n_threads
    .. autoattribute:: SynthesisConfiguration.minimize_gates_after_depth_optimization
    .. autoattribute:: SynthesisConfiguration.try_higher_gate_limit_for_two_qubit_gate_optimization
    .. autoattribute:: SynthesisConfiguration.gate_limit_factor

>     .. autoattribute:: SynthesisConfiguration.minimize_gates_after_two_qubit_gate_optimization

Reviewer: it should not be necessary to explicitly list all members here. IIRC, there is an option for the `.. autoclass::` directive.
